Add changes for stable-2.11.3 (#8816)
linkerd/linkerd2: CHANGES.md

# Changes

## stable-2.11.3

This release pulls in several control plane and proxy fixes from the main
development branch. The linkerd-multicluster extension has several fixes
regarding incorrect label matching and resource cleanup. Additionally, a long
standing panic has been fixed in the proxy.

* Fixed an error in `linkerd multicluster allow` which resulted in broken YAML
  output

> * Fixed a panic in the proxy in cases where the destination service sends a very
>   large number of discovery updates

Reviewer: This is semantics, but I don't think the panic was really limited to cases where the destination service sends a large number of discovery updates, though that is one scenario that could trigger the panic.

This is how I phrased it in the tagged release:

```suggestion
* Fixed a potential panic in the proxy's outbound load balancer that
  could be triggered when the balancer processes many service
  discovery updates in a short period of time.
```
